(Jay) AS GREAT AS IT IS BRINGING
A BABY HOME FROM THE HOSPITAL,
THERE'S ONE SOUND YOU ABSOLUTELY
DREAD WAKING UP TO...
(women laughing loudly
and speaking Spanish)
RELATIVES.
(speaking Spanish)
(laughing)
I REALLY NEVER SAW
THESE WEDDING PICTURES, MAMÁ.
HOW HANDSOME AND YOUNG
PAPÁ LOOKS.
IT MAKES ME SAD.
I KNOW THAT YOU MISS HIM.
NO.
LOOK AT MY ASS.
THERE ARE TWO THINGS IN THAT
PICTURE I DON'T HAVE ANYMORE.
AY, MAMÁ, QUÉ LOCA.
SONIA, CAN I HELP YOU?
NO, NO, SHE'S FINE.
IT KEEPS HER BUSY.
WE NEED MORE CORN.
GLORIA, WHERE IS YOUR GARDEN?
I WILL HARVEST SOME.
THEY DON'T LIVE THAT WAY,
HONEY.
GLORIA, GIVE ME THE KEYS.
WE'LL GO TO THE MARKET.
HEY, YOU'RE ALL AWAKE.
I DIDN'T HEAR YOU.
OH, LOOK AT
MY TWO HANDSOME MEN.
MI NIÑO,
MY LITTLE FULGENCIO UMBERTO.
YOU KNOW, ABOUT THE NAME,
WE'RE NOT ENTIRELY SURE...
SONIA, VÁMONOS.
GOOD-BYE, FULGENCIO.
SAY GOOD-BYE TO FULGENCIO.
(under breath)
HIS NAME IS JOE.
YOU TELL HER
THAT WE'RE NOT NAMING HIM
AFTER HER DEAD HUSBAND
OR HIS FATHER BEFORE HIM.
HIS NAME WAS--
PLEASE DON'T SAY IT AGAIN.
JAY, I CANNOT GO
AGAINST MY MOTHER'S WILL.
BUT SHE LIKES YOU.
MAYBE IF YOU CONVINCE HER...
FULJENCIO UMBERTO--
THE INITIALS ARE F.U. PRITCHETT.
WHICH IS EXACTLY
THE WAY IT FEELS RIGHT NOW.
♪
IS THERE SOME KIND
OF DRESS CODE FOR GODPARENTS?
YOU'RE NOT WEARING
A FEDORA, PHIL.
CAN YOU PICK UP
THE DRY CLEANING?
(imitates Marlon Brando)
THAT SOUNDS LIKE
AN OFFER I CAN'T REFUSE.
YEAH, WE'RE NOT DOING THAT.
So I got delayed picking up
Lily from dance class.
NOW GLORIA'S
GOT ME RUNNING AROUND
DOING A THOUSAND THINGS
FOR THE CHRISTENING.
SON OF A BITCH.
It's not that bad, really.
I'm just--I'm venting.
I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT.
SOMEBODY'S BALLOONS
WERE BLOCKING MY BILLBOARD.
PHILBOARD.
MY PHILBOARD.
CAN WE WEAR THE SAME OUTFITS
AT CRISPIN'S PARTY
THAT WE'RE WEARING
TO THE BAPTISM?
(inhales sharply)
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
BECAUSE YOU WANNA BE
SUBDUED AT CHURCH
AND THEN FABULOUS AT NIGHT.
YOU KNOW WHO WOULD
MAKE A FORTUNE?
THE DESIGNER WHO COMES UP WITH
THE LITTLE BLACK DRESS FOR MEN.
I'M BORED.
MM.
I KNOW, SWEETIE,
BUT DADDIES ARE TALKING
ABOUT WHAT WE'RE
GONNA WEAR TONIGHT,
AND THAT'S
A DIFFICULT CONVERSATION.
CRY ME A RIVER.
LILY.
I-I'M NOT
LOVING THIS ATTITUDE.
YOU SEEM A LITTLE MEAN.
SORRY. SHOULD I CALL YOU
A WAH-MBULANCE?
OH, MY GOSH. SHE HAS BEEN
SO SNARKY LATELY.
I KNOW. I'VE ACTUALLY
BEEN GETTING NERVOUS
WHEN WE'RE MAKING HER
LATE FOR SOMETHING.
BECAUSE OF WHAT SHE SAID
THE OTHER DAY?
"TODAY, LADIES."
HURTFUL.
YOU KNOW,
SHE HEARS US DOING IT,
SO WE--WE SHOULD TRY
AND BE LESS NEGATIVE.
MODEL SOME BETTER BEHAVIOR.
YEAH. WELL, YOU KNOW,
IF IT'S A MODEL SHE NEEDS,
SHE'S COME TO
THE RIGHT PLACE.
OH, BOY.
HMM.
I WISH LILY WAS IN HERE
SO SHE COULD HEAR ME
COMMENT ON THAT.
HMM?
I GET IT.
YOU'RE MODELING.
HEY, IT'S PHIL DUNPHY--
AGAIN.
(laughs) I-I GOT CUT OFF
BY YOUR MACHINE.
I'M, UH, NOT SURE
WHERE I LEFT OFF THERE,
BUT I'LL ATTEMPT TO BE BRIEF,
AS I DO APPRECIATE
WHEN PEOPLE DO THE SAME FOR ME.
ANYHOO, UH, YOUR BALLOONS
ARE CO--DAMN IT!
IS ANYONE HOME? MOM!
I NEED HER FIRST. MOM!
SHE'S OUT.
WHY IS SHE ALWAYS GONE
WHEN WE NEED AN ADULT?
I CAN HELP.
WHAT'S WITH THE CAGE?
SCIENCE PROJECT.
MOM, WHERE ARE YOU?
OUT.
IT'S JUST THE THREE OF US.
FOUR.
I NEED HER.
RATS.
I KNOW, RIGHT?
GUYS, I'M RIGHT HERE.
WHAT DO YOU NEED?
NO, IT'S OKAY.
WE'RE GOOD.
OKAY, NEVER MIND.
NO. NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO, NO.
FAMILY MEETING.
EVERYBODY GRAB SOME 'ZA.
WE'RE GONNA TALK ABOUT THIS.
LISTEN, I KNOW YOU GUYS
LIKE TO GO TO MOM
BECAUSE SHE'S
MR. TOUGH GUY PROBLEM-SOLVER.
SHE GETS RESULTS.
YEAH, SHE DOES.
SHE DOES. YOU'RE RIGHT.
LIKE THE LAST TIME WE GOT PIZZA
FROM OUR FAVORITE PLACE HERE.
REMEMBER THAT?
WE GOT SHORTCHANGED,
SHE CURSED A BLUE STREAK
AND GOT OUR MONEY BACK?
HOW'S THAT PIZZA, BY THE WAY?
PRETTY GOOD.
IT'S OKAY.
LIARS! IT'S GARBAGE.
THAT'S NOT SCARDINO'S,
IT'S SCANDONI'S.
YOU KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE YOUR MOM'S
LITTLE BLOW-UP
GOT US BANNED FROM SCARDINO'S
FOR LIFE.
SO MAYBE YOUR MOM'S WAY
ISN'T ALWAYS THE BEST WAY.
NOW WHY DON'T YOU GUYS
TELL ME WHAT'S GOING ON?
I'M HAVING A '60s-THEMED
BIRTHDAY PARTY NEXT WEEK.
HIPPIES, BELL-BOTTOMS,
TIE-DYE.
KAREN SULLIVAN HEARD ABOUT IT,
AND DECIDED TO HAVE
THE SAME PARTY... TONIGHT.
NOT GROOVY.
I ACCIDENTALLY
CALLED MY TEACHER "MOMMY."
MY "FRIEND" REUBEN WENT AROUND
AND TOLD EVERYONE.
OH, HEY, REUBEN,
DO YOU REMEMBER THAT
CLASS FIELD TRIP TO THE ZOO
WHEN THE ZEBRA RUSHED THE FENCE
AND YOU PEED YOUR PANTS?
I DIDN'T TELL ANYONE,
NOT EVEN ON THE BUS RIDE HOME
WHEN HE HAD TO
SIT NEXT TO MOM--
MS. BOCKMAN! DAMN IT!
OUR NEIGHBOR'S OUT OF TOWN,
AND SHE'S PAYING ME TO MOVE
HER CAR ON STREET CLEANING DAYS.
NOW I WOULD JUST
PARK IT IN HER DRIVEWAY,
BUT SHE ALREADY HAS A CAMPER
AND A CORD OF WOOD THERE.
PRETTY SURE SHE'S A LESBIAN.
ANYWAY, EASY MONEY, RIGHT?
(car horns honking)
OH, MY GOD,
I CAN'T SEE ANYTHING!
HARD STARBOARD!
WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN?!
HOW MUCH LONGER
DO I HAVE TO BLOCK PEOPLE?
I'M LATE FOR THE AIRPORT!
DYLAN, YOU ARE BEING
NO HELP RIGHT NOW!
SORRY, BUT I'M ALREADY
IN TROUBLE WITH DISPATCH
FOR DRINKING
ALL THOSE LITTLE WATERS.
DRIVE! DO IT NOW!
AAH!
(branch cracks)
HOW DO I TELL HER
I SNAPPED A BRANCH
ON HER BELOVED LEMON TREE?
I MEAN, SHE BOILS THE LEAVES
TO ADD A SCENT
TO HER OWN WORK BOOT OIL.
DID I MENTION SHE PLAYS
IN TWO SOFTBALL LEAGUES?
NOW WHAT ARE YOU GUYS GONNA DO?
YOU GONNA HAVE YOUR MOM
GO AROUND
AND YELL AT ALL THESE PEOPLE
AND BURN A BUNCH OF BRIDGES?
OR ARE YOU GONNA TALK
TO YOUR REUBENS,
YOUR KARENS,
YOUR LEMON... LADY,
TELL 'EM HOW YOU FEEL,
APPEAL TO THEIR HUMAN SIDE?
THE CHOICE
IS PRETTY SIMPLE, HUH?
SO SHE'S OUT ALL DAY?
I'LL TRY HER CELL.
IT'S OFF.
I TEXTED HER
WHILE DAD WAS TALKING.
(Haley) UGH.
PILAR,
I BROUGHT YOU A COFFEE.
OH.
I PUT A LITTLE
SOMETHING EXTRA IN IT.
(sniffs) JAY, YOU DEVIL.
(mug clatters)
HEY, BY THE WAY, LOOK...
(squeals) IT'S BEAUTIFUL, NO?
IT'S THE DRESSING GOWN
FOR FULGENCIO'S CHRISTENING.
ALL THE MEN
IN OUR FAMILY WEAR THIS.
WHAT'S ONE MORE SON
IN A DRESS?
OH, TRADITION.
OH, IT'S SO IMPORTANT.
I HAVE A GIFT IN HERE
FOR LITTLE FULGENCIO
THAT HAS BEEN IN MY FAMILY
FOR THREE GENERATIONS.
YOU KNOW, ABOUT
THIS NAMING THING--
IN AMERICA, IT'S NOT REAL COMMON
TO HEAR THE NAME FULJENCIO.
IT'S "FUL-HEN-CIO."
HEN?
HEN.
I DON'T NEED TO PRACTICE IT
'CAUSE I CAN'T NAME MY SON THAT.
I'M JUST BEING HONEST
WITH YOU.
NO. NO, NO, NO, NO,
THAT'S GOOD.
THAT'S GOOD. I SHOULD BE MORE
HONEST WITH YOU SOMETIMES.
WELL, WE'VE KNOWN EACH OTHER
A FEW YEARS.
I DON'T LIKE YOU, JAY.
HUH?
NAH. WE CAN ACT LIKE EVERYTHING
IS FINE FOR THE FAMILY,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
I HAVE NEVER LIKED YOU.
(rustling)
THE WAY YOU TAKE WHATEVER
LOOKS GOOD TO YOU--
YOU KNOW, LIKE MY DAUGHTER
OR THE LAST PIECE OF MEAT.
WHOA.
YOU'RE ALWAYS TOO BUSY
TO PICK ME UP AT THE AIRPORT.
YOU SEND A TOTAL STRANGER
WITH A CARDBOARD SIGN.
HI, GRANDMA.
HEY.
HEY, BUDDY.
GET OVER HERE.
I SURE DO LOVE
THE CROSS YOU GOT ME.
BUT DO I HAVE TO
WEAR IT TODAY?
IT'S KINDA HARD
TO CLOSE MY SHIRT OVER IT.
OH, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO.
YOU DO WHATEVER YOU WANT,
PADRECITO.
I KNOW THAT'S THE WAY
IN THIS HOUSE.
BUT IF YOU WEAR IT,
OOH, YOU'LL MAKE ME PROUD.
IT'S BEEN IN MY FAMILY
FOR FIVE GENERATIONS.
OKAY.
I'LL WALK YOU OUT, BUDDY.
IS ANYTHING
IN HER FAMILY NEW?
(pops)
JUST YOU. (chuckles)
OKAY. EXCUSE ME. SORRY.
(chuckles)
ALL RIGHT. HERE WE'VE GOT
THE DELI PLATTER,
AND THERE'S MORE IN MY CAR.
BUT THOSE ARE NOT
FROM RUMPERNOOK'S.
NO, BECAUSE THE CHEESE
AT RUMP...
I DON'T GO THERE ANYMORE.
(clears throat)
I'M GOING
TO DO THE LAUNDRY.
OKAY, SONIA.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
(lowered voice) WOW. PRETTY COZY
WITH THE NEW HOUSEKEEPER, HUH?
SHE'S MY SISTER.
WOW. PRETTY WEIRD
WITH YOUR SISTER.
SHE LIKES TO KEEP BUSY.
BUT I FEEL BAD FOR HER.
I HAVE SO MUCH,
AND SHE HAS NOTHING.
(normal voice) OKAY. WELL,
PEOPLE MAKE THEIR OWN CHOICES.
IT'S NOT LIKE
YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE.
NO, NO.
MAYBE JUST A LITTLE BIT.
(clatters)
I WAS OLDER AND I HAD
OPPORTUNITIES TO TRAVEL,
AND I TOOK THEM.
WELL, IT DIDN'T PREVENT HER
FROM GOING ANYWHERE.
NO, NO.
MAYBE JUST ONE TIME.
THERE WAS A LETTER
THAT ARRIVED FROM AMERICA
ABOUT A JOB OPPORTUNITY.
AND IT WAS ONLY
FOR ONE PERSON,
AND I WENT.
BUT IT'S NOT LIKE THE ENVELOPE
WAS ADDRESSED TO HER,
AND YOU OPENED IT AND...
(gasps) YOU'RE EVIL.
I HAD TO GET OUT OF THERE,
CLAIRE.
YOU JUST STRAPPED ON
THOSE HIGH HEELS
AND WALKED RIGHT OVER HER BACK,
DIDN'T YOU?
MAYBE A LITTLE BIT.
WHERE IS THE RIVER?
(exhales deeply)
(Crispin) HEY, BOYS!
(Mitchell and Cameron)
CRISPIN.
HEY, SHOULDN'T YOU
BE PREPARING
FOR YOUR ANNUAL PARTY
OF THE CENTURY?
IT'S DONE AND IT'S PERFECT.
IN MY MIND,
I'M ALREADY INTO NEXT YEAR'S.
LISTEN, I'M HERE WITH BRETT.
I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU'VE SEEN HIS NEW LOOK,
BUT YOU ARE GOING TO HAVE
A HEART ATTACK AND DIE.
NO ONE'S DYING.
IT'S JUST AN EXPRESSION.
HEY, HANDSOME.
YEP, I DID IT.
PULLED THE TRIGGER
AND GOT A PERM.
YOU SURE DID.
DID IT MYSELF,
RIGHT IN THE KITCHEN.
YOU DON'T NEED
TO SPEND A MILLION
TO LOOK LIKE A MILLION.
UH, YOU KNOW, MY COFFEE'S
PROBABLY READY, SO...
(laughs)
BYE.
OKAY, THAT'S LIKE
A CHIA PET, RIGHT?
MAYBE A DRAG PRODUCTION
OF "ANNIE"?
OH, ACTUALLY, LILY,
I-I THINK UNCLE CRISPIN'S
FORGETTING
THAT BRETT HAS FEELINGS,
AND WE NEED TO TRY
AND NOT HURT THEM.
YES, AND MAYBE WE SHOULD
REMIND UNCLE CRISPIN
THAT WHEN YOU SAY
NICE THINGS TO PEOPLE,
THEY SAY NICE THINGS BACK.
WELL... CONSIDER ME
REMINDED. (laughs)
GOTTA RUN.
WE'LL SEE YOU TONIGHT. BYE.
OKAY. YEAH, CAN'T WAIT.
CAN'T WAIT.
HE'S FUNNY.
YES, HE IS,
BUT HE CAN ALSO BE BITING.
HE BITES PEOPLE?
WELL, WITH HIS WORDS,
NOT WITH HIS TEETH
LIKE XANDER FROM ART CLASS.
(cell phone alert chimes)
WE NEED TO CONFIRM
HE GOT HIS SHOT.
YEAH.
OH, MY GOD.
OKAY, CRISPIN--
"TOO MANY RSVPs.
HAVE TO MAKE CUTS TO PARTY.
MAYBE NEXT TIME."
SAD FACE.
(scoffs)
BECAUSE WE REFUSE
TO ABUSE,
WE GET BANNED
FROM THE PARTY OF THE CENTURY?
DOES SOMEBODY NEED
A WAH-MBULANCE?
(under breath) NO.
I DO NOT NEED
A WAH-MBULANCE.
HEY, KIDS.
HOW WAS YOUR DAY?
I KNEW THE ANSWER
TO THAT QUESTION.
I'D HAD KIND OF A BUSY DAY
GOING AROUND
SOLVING EVERYONE'S PROBLEMS.
I STARTED BY GOING TO SEE
MY BUDDY STAVROS THE FLORIST.
STAVROS, I ASSUME?
YES?
(laughs)
I JUST WANTED TO WELCOME YOU
TO THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
OH, THANK YOU.
YEAH, I BROUGHT YOU
SOME SANDWICHES, BY THE WAY.
HOW GOOD IS LAMB, HUH?
AAH!
OH!
NIKOS!
OH! GOTCHA.
OH!
(chuckles)
GET BACK IN THERE.
(kisses)
I'M SO SORRY.
IS THERE ANYTHING
I CAN DO FOR YOU?
OH, NO. NO. I...
(high-pitched voice)
WELL...
THAT'S WHEN I REALIZED
MY KIDS DIDN'T UNDERSTAND
THE CONCEPT
OF KILLING WITH KINDNESS
BECAUSE THEY'D NEVER SEEN IT.
SO I DECIDED
I'D PROVE IT TO THEM
BY GOING ON
A HUGGACIDAL RAMPAGE.
IS THAT REUBEN
ROCKIN' THE POTTER SPECS?
QUIDDICULOUS! (laughs)
HEY, LISTEN, BUDDY,
I HEARD ABOUT LUKE
CALLING HIS TEACHER "MOMMY."
EPIC FAIL, BY THE WAY.
BUT, YOU KNOW, SINCE YOU'RE
ONE OF THE COOL KIDS,
MAYBE YOU COULD GET THE OTHER
ONES TO EASE OFF A LITTLE?
COOL. AIR BUMP.
HEY, LEE, IT'S PHIL DUNPHY
FROM DOWN THE STREET.
WE HAVEN'T MET.
I WAS ACTUALLY CALLING
TO LEAVE A MESSAGE
FOR YOUR WIFE,
JUST TO SAY THANKS
FOR HIRING MY DAUGHTER HALEY.
LISTEN, WE'D LOVE TO HAVE
YOU AND THE MISSUS OVER
FOR A GLASS OF WINE,
OR--OR, UH, MAYBE YOU AND I
COULD GO OUT FOR A BOYS' NIGHT.
BUT ANYWAY, IF YOU COULD--
(beep)
DAMN IT!
OH. OH.
HEY, KAREN SULLIVAN.
ALEX'S DAD.
WELL, LOOK WHOSE TEETH
GOT SO NICE AND STRAIGHT.
WHO WANTS TO GO FIRST?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
ARE YOU CRAZY?
WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO--
WHOA! WHOA! WHOA!
ONE AT A TIME!
YOU CALLED MS. COOPER
A MAN!
NO, I DIDN'T. I GOT HER
HUSBAND LEE ON THE MACHINE.
THERE IS NO HUSBAND!
SHE'S LEE!
WEIRDLY DEEP-VOICED,
ALCOHOLIC, GAY LEE COOPER
INVITED OUT
FOR A GLASS OF WINE!
THANKS TO YOUR LITTLE
CHARM OFFENSIVE WITH KAREN,
ONE THING DID CHANGE
ABOUT HER PARTY--
I'M NOT INVITED!
"QUIDDICULOUS"?
"EPIC FAIL"?
NOW THE WHOLE SCHOOL
IS JUST LAUGHING AT BOTH OF US.
(cell phone rings)
(beep)
STAVROS, HEY!
WHY NOT?!
(scoffs) WHAT?
CHANGE OF PLANS.
THIS ISN'T OVER.
I WANT YOU TO WEAR
SOMETHING BEAUTIFUL TONIGHT.
SO PLEASE, CHOOSE.
WHAT IS THIS ROOM?
THIS IS THE CLOSET.
SO ALL THE PEOPLE
OF THE TOWN,
THEY LEAVE
THEIR NICE CLOTHES WITH YOU?
(chuckles) NO.
THESE ARE ALL MY CLOTHES.
BUT... I DO MISS
THE SIMPLE THINGS AT HOME.
SO TELL ME, HOW--
HOW ARE THINGS IN THE VILLAGE?
WE HAD A FLOOD.
BUT IT--IT WASN'T
A BAD ONE, RIGHT?
WE HAD A BOAT.
THAT'S GREAT.
ARE YOU DATING ANYONE?
YOU REMEMBER
ANTONIO MARQUEZ?
YES, OF COURSE.
THE MOST HANDSOME BOY
IN THE SCHOOL
WITH THOSE BEAUTIFUL EYES.
HIS FATHER
WITH THE WOODEN LEG...
HE LOST IT
IN THE FLOOD.
SO IS IT SERIOUS?
(alert chimes)
DON'T LOOK AT THAT.
I WON'T. TRUST ME.
PLEASE. IT'S PATHETIC.
CRISPIN GETTING
ALL OF OUR FRIENDS
TO TEXT US THE DETAILS
OF HIS GREAT PARTY.
SUCH TORTURE, HUH?
(laughs) OH, CATERING
BY AMELIA'S. OW!
TOPLESS VALET PARKERS.
(chimes)
STING.
EXACTLY.
NO, STING IS AT THE PARTY.
MITCHELL, I WANNA BE THERE.
CAM.
NO, COME ON.
WHO ARE WE KIDDING?
YOU DO, TOO.
(Lily, singsongy)
TODAY, LADIES!
OKAY, RIGHT THERE.
THAT.
THAT IS WHY
WE ARE MAKING THE SACRIFICE--
FOR OUR DAUGHTER.
OH, YEAH,
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I MEAN, I'M THE LAST ONE
WHO SHOULD BE COMPLAINING
WHEN, LET'S FACE IT,
LILY'S SNARKINESS IS MY DOING.
WELL, WHAT'S DONE IS DONE.
LET'S JUST
GET READY FOR CHURCH.
YEAH, I MEAN, IT'S JUST
HARD TO NOT FEEL GUILTY,
YOU KNOW, WHEN IT'S
MOSTLY MY FAULT.
I GET IT. JUST DON'T
BEAT YOURSELF UP.
HEY. POCKET SQUARE?
NO POCKET SQUARE?
REALLY? YOU'RE TAKING ZERO
OF THE RESPONSIBILITY, OR...
OH. WE'RE YOU TRYING TO GET ME
TO TAKE THE BLAME?
MAYBE JUST A LITTLE.
UH-HUH.
OH, AND DENY YOU
THE CHANCE TO PLAY THE MARTYR?
LOOK, CAM, IF YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR ME TO BE THE BAD GUY,
YOU'RE SNARKING UP
THE WRONG TREE, OKAY?
YOU ARE THE ONE WHO CAN'T LET
A SINGLE SITUATION PASS
WITHOUT MAKING A COMMENT.
OH, WELL, MAYBE
I'LL JUST START TODAY.
I THINK IT'LL MAKE YOU
FEEL BETTER.
I THINK I ALREADY DO.
RIGHT TO MY FACE,
"I DON'T LIKE YOU."
NOBODY DOESN'T LIKE ME.
I'M SALT OF THE EARTH.
(inhales deeply)
WHY ARE YOU INHALING
MY BABY?
OH, THEY ONLY SMELL PERFECT
LIKE THIS FOR A LITTLE WHILE.
YEAH. THAT'S THE STUFF.
FROM DAY ONE, I'VE TREATED
THIS WOMAN LIKE A QUEEN.
I'VE FLOWN HER
BACK AND FORTH,
I'VE... I'VE TASTED
HER NATIVE FOOD.
YOU KNOW WHAT CHIN
TASTES LIKE?
MM.
'CAUSE I DO.
AND NOW TO FIND OUT...
WHAT? I'M LISTENING.
YOU'RE RUBBING YOURSELF
WITH THE BABY.
I HAVE SEEN YOU
FRENCH KISS YOUR DOG.
SHE WAS TAKING A TREAT
OUT OF MY MOUTH.
THAT'S A TRICK.
I AM SURE YOU KNOW
WHAT I FIND FUNNY
ABOUT THIS SITUATION.
WHAT?
YOU HAVE AN IN-LAW WHO,
NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO,
NO MATTER HOW HARD YOU TRY,
YOU CAN'T WIN OVER.
WHAT ABOUT IT?
(laughs)
WAIT. THAT DOESN'T
SOUND FAMILIAR?
(kissing)
YOU'RE NOT SAYING...
MM-HMM. YEAH, I AM.
SON OF A BITCH,
I'M PHIL.
HEY, PILAR,
IT'S AWFULLY COLD.
HERE. WHY DON'T
YOU TAKE MY JACKET?
SURE, YEAH.
MAKE ME THE RUDE ONE.
LOOK, I'M SORRY
THAT I POINTED OUT
THAT WE'RE BOTH
TO BLAME HERE, ALL RIGHT?
BUT LET'S NOT TURN
THIS LOVELY EVENT
INTO A COMPETITION.
HERE YOU GO, SWEETIE.
OH, YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU'RE RIGHT.
I SHOULDN'T BE PICKING AT YOU.
BUT DON'T FORGET
TO LIGHT YOUR CANDLE.
I THINK EVERYONE IN
THE IMMEDIATE FAMILY'S DOING IT.
OH, YEAH? OKAY.
GOOD--GOOD IDEA.
(whispering indistinctly)
(Jay) WHAT THE HELL
IS THAT?
SOME KIND OF
GAY PROTEST THING?
IT'S A CANDLE, DAD.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
YOU'RE PURPLE PANTY TAIL.
OH, NO.
OH, COME ON.
WE'RE IN CHURCH, MITCHELL,
NOT SOME DISCO.
UHH! (grunts)
(Alex and Haley laughing)
(lowered voice)
YOU DID THAT ON PURPOSE!
(lowered voice) OH,
THIS STAINED GLASS IS BEAUTIFUL.
NOW LISTEN,
BEFORE WE DUNK THE KID,
YOU MIND IF I MAKE
A FEW CASUAL REMARKS?
I THINK YOU ALREADY DID.
CLAIRE ASKED ME
A GOOD QUESTION--
HOW DID PHIL WIN ME OVER?
WELL, HE HASN'T YET.
BUT WHEN HE STOPS
TRYING SO HARD,
AND HE ACTS LIKE A REAL PERSON,
HE COMES CLOSE.
THAT'S WHAT I NEEDED
TO DO WITH PILAR.
I'D LIKE TO TELL YOU THE STORY
OF HOW I CAME TO MEET
MY INCREDIBLE WIFE,
BECAUSE UP UNTIL
THE BIRTH OF THIS CHILD,
IT'S THE BEST THING
THAT EVER HAPPENED TO ME.
MM, THAT FEELS GOOD HUH?
SO IT'S MORNING.
MY CAR'S GETTING WAXED.
I HOP IN THE DINER.
I HEAR THIS ADORABLE ACCENT.
I TURN. I SEE THIS PRETTY GIRL
TALKING TO HER FRIEND.
I SEND OVER A PIECE OF PIE.
ALL CLASS.
MM-HMM.
COUPLE OF MINUTES LATER,
WHO COMES OVER TO THANK ME
BUT GLORIA,
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
I'VE EVER SEEN.
AMEN.
SHE SITS DOWN,
WE START TALKING,
AND WE HAVEN'T
STOPPED TALKING SINCE.
(Claire) AW.
BUT HERE'S THE CRAZY PART--
I DIDN'T SEND THE PIE
TO GLORIA.
HER BACK WAS TO ME.
I SENT IT TO HER FRIEND,
WHO WENT TO THE BATHROOM
AND MISSED IT.
AND THAT PERSON IS HERE TODAY--
GLORIA'S SISTER SONIA.
(Phil laughs)
ISN'T IT FUNNY
HOW A SIMPLE TWIST OF FATE
CAN CHANGE THE WHOLE--
YOU STOLE MY LIFE!
(all shouting over each other)
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
HOLD ON, HOLD ON.
I GOT SONIA!
(shouting continues)
NO MORE. I WANT MY OWN LIFE,
MY OWN BED,
MY OWN E-MAIL ACCOUNT!
YEAH, LEAVE
YOUR POOR OLD MOTHER ALONE.
DON'T WORRY, MAMÁ.
YOU CAN COME AND LIVE WITH US.
WHOA. PUMP THE BRAKES HERE.
WHAT? DO YOU HAVE
A PROBLEM WITH MY MOTHER?
NO. YOUR MOTHER
HAS A PROBLEM WITH ME.
YOU THINK SHE'S HELPLESS.
ASK HER WHAT'S IN THAT BOX.
IT'S NOT THE FAMILY GUN?
JAY, IF ANYTHING
SHOULD HAPPEN TO GLORIA,
I AM THERE FOR YOU.
WHAT, SONIA? WHAT'S GOING
TO HAPPEN TO ME?
YOU MIGHT GO FOR A WALK
IN YOUR CLOSET ONE DAY
AND NEVER COME BACK!
(women shouting in Spanish)
YOU SEE WHAT
YOU'RE MISSING? HUH?
(shouting continues)
(lowered voice)
WHERE IS LUKE?
I THINK HE'S THE ONE
STANDING NEXT TO MATTHEW.
PHIL.
HE WAS FEELING
A LITTLE UNDER THE WEATHER.
I LET HIM STAY HOME.
OR IS HE JUST TOO EMBARRASSED
TO LEAVE THE HOUSE?
WHY WOULD HE BE EMBARRASSED?
BECAUSE DAD TRIED
TO FIX ALL OUR PROBLEMS,
AND INSTEAD,
RUINED ALL OUR LIVES.
(singsongy) NIGHTMARE.
YOU GIRLS
ARE SO DRAMATIC.
DO I NEED TO CALL YOU
WAH-MBULANCE?
(imitating siren)
WAH-WAH, WAH-WAH.
(Claire chuckles)
(lowered voice)
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
(lowered voice) YES!
CLAIRE'S BEEN DRIVING LILY
TO DANCE CLASS ALL WEEK.
THAT'S WHERE
SHE GETS IT FROM!
WE'RE NOT BAD PARENTS.
CLAIRE IS.
HUH.
OH!
(voice breaking)
I SAID I WASN'T GONNA CRY,
BUT, OH, BOY, HERE IT COMES.
HMM! (sniffles)
NO, NO, CAM. NOT WITH THOSE.
HUH?
(all shouting at once
in Spanish)
OKAY! THAT'S IT!
WE'RE IN A HOUSE
OF GOD, DAMN IT.
FINE. EVERYONE
JUST ABANDON ME.
PILAR, ALL DUE RESPECT,
NO ONE'S BUYING THE MARTYR ACT.
NOT EVEN THIS GUY.
YOU ASK ME, YOU'VE BEEN KEEPING
THIS ONE UNDER YOUR THUMB
'CAUSE YOU'RE AFRAID
OF GOING ON WITH YOUR LIFE.
BUT YOU'RE AN ATTRACTIVE WOMAN
WITH A LOT TO OFFER.
THIS COULD BE
AN OPPORTUNITY.
HELL, I DON'T EVEN THINK
I KNEW WHAT HAPPINESS WAS
TILL I WAS 60.
AND THE HITS
JUST KEEP COMING. OKAY.
SONIA, WE'RE GONNA HELP YOU
GET YOUR OWN PLACE,
HAVE SOME INDEPENDENCE.
AND IF YOU EVER GET LONELY,
YOU COME VISIT US
AS MUCH AS YOU WANT...
WITH--WITHIN REASON.
AND WE'LL SEND THIS ONE
DOWN TO VISIT YOU.
WHAT?
BUT HE'S NOT GONNA BECOME
A PRIEST 'CAUSE HE LIKES GIRLS.
CAN'T GET 'EM,
BUT HE LIKES 'EM.
SO... EVERYBODY
THINK ABOUT IT.
BUT NOT FOR TOO LONG.
THERE'S AN A.A. MEETING
HERE AT 6:00.
SONIA, PLEASE,
LET US DO THIS FOR YOU.
I REALLY WANT YOU
TO BE HAPPY.
CAN YOU FORGIVE ME?
IT WILL TAKE SOME TIME.
AS MUCH AS YOU NEED.
AND SOME DRESSES.
AS MANY AS YOU WANT.
AND SOME SHOES.
YOU'RE ANGRY NOW.
(organ playing)
WHATEVER HAPPENED
WITH THE KIDS,
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO FEEL BAD ABOUT IT.
I DON'T.
(priest) I NOW INVITE
THE GODFATHER AND THE GODMOTHER
TO JOIN US.
DON'T WORRY.
I WILL TAKE CARE
OF EVERYTHING TOMORROW.
THAT MAY NOT
BE NECESSARY, MY WIFE.
PHIL AND CLAIRE,
AS GODPARENTS,
ARE YOU READY TO HELP
THE PARENTS OF THIS CHILD
IN THEIR DUTIES?
WE ARE.
DO YOU RENOUNCE SATAN?
♪
I DO RENOUNCE HIM.
(bat clanks and scrapes)
AND ALL HIS WORKS?
♪
(window whirs)
I DO RENOUNCE THEM.
(mouths words)
(air gun firing,
balloons popping)
(tires peal)
HEY! HEY!
AND ALL HIS EMPTY PROMISES?
(indistinct conversations)
(squeaking)
(gasps) OH, MY GOD!
(girls screaming)
I DO RENOUNCE THEM.
(screaming continues)
GODFATHER, IS IT YOUR WISH
THAT THIS CHILD BE BAPTIZED?
IT IS.
♪
AAH!
(voice echoes) AAH!
IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER
AND THE SON AND THE HOLY SPIRIT,
WHAT NAME
HAVE YOU GIVEN THE CHILD?
FULGENCIO JOSEPH PRITCHETT.
MAY GOD BE WITH YOU ALL.
(whispers) THANK YOU, JAY.
(lowered voice) WE'RE NEVER
GONNA CALL HIM THAT.
(chuckles)
SO I HEARD THAT SOMEBODY
RELEASED A BUNCH OF RATS
INTO KAREN SULLIVAN'S PARTY
THE OTHER NIGHT.
AND LEE COOPER'S CAMPER
JUST ROLLED INTO HER LEMON TREE.
LUKE ISN'T HAVING
ANY PROBLEM AT SCHOOL ANYMORE,
BECAUSE REUBEN ADMITTED
HE MADE THE WHOLE THING UP.
ISN'T THAT CRAZY,
HOW ALL OUR OF KIDS' PROBLEMS
JUST DISAPPEARED?
DON'T EVER ASK ME
ABOUT MY BUSINESS, CLAIRE.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
DON'T ASK ME
ABOUT MY BUSINESS.
I WASN'T.
GOOD.
DON'T.